***Requirements Elicitation Plan***

***Introduction***

In this document, I plan to find out more about the requirements and to
get clarification on things that are not clear in regards to the overall
system. The requirements elicitation technique that is the most suitable
to get the information required for a Crownpass Holder is by conducting
an interview. By conducting an interview, it will help to gain a better
understanding of the requirements of the COVID-19 Tracking System and
the user type, Crownpass Holder, so that we could assist the experts in
Public Health with an efficient and reliable virus tracking system to
help stop the spread of the virus in public areas.

***Interview Questions***

-   How long does the status stay in Amber or is there a particular
    > criteria for holders in those statuses before it can be changed?
    > Does the status reset to Green after the number of days in
    > self-isolation?

<!-- -->

-   How is the overstay being tracked? Is this based on the time in
    > between check in and check out?

-   When a Crownpass Holder receives an social distancing violation
    > order, are they expected to self-isolate or get a test (both)?

***Interview Plan***

Below is a plan for the interview that is due to take place with the
client to discuss and understand the requirements for the Crownpass
Holder role better and how the COVID-19 Tracking System should work.

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Crownpass: COVID-19 Tracking System: Interview Plan**
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Reference:** COMP6030 - Software Engineering

  **Participants:**

  Group 8 members (Requirements Engineers)

  Hong Zhu (Client - Crownpass Holder)

  **Date:** Thursday 15th October 2020

  **Time:** 15:10

  **Duration:** 10 minutes

  **Location:** Zoom Meeting (Online)

  **Purpose of the Interview:**

  -   Meeting to discuss and understand the requirements regarding software system for Crownpass: COVID-19 Tracking System

  **Agenda:**

  -   To get clarification on the requirements in regards to the Crownpass Holder through the pre-prepared interview questions

  -   To develop and gain a deeper understanding of the Case Study and what is required to successfully complete the parts required for Crownpass Holder

  **Documents required for the interview:**

  -   Pre-prepared Interview Questions

  -   Coursework Case Study: Crownpass - COVID-19 Tracking System

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

***Conducted Interview***

The interview structure that was decided for the interview was to greet
the client and ask open-ended questions, which will enable them to
elaborate into more detail into the questions that are asked, instead of
limiting their responses. Another thing that was very important was
ensuring that we listened carefully to the responses that were provided
by the client to clarify our understanding of the requirements of the
Crownpass: COVID-19 Tracking System.

***Conclusion***

By conducting this interview, I have all the relevant information needed
to successfully complete the parts of the Crownpass Holder to combat the
pandemic of coronavirus, COVID-19 and to help the experts in Public
Health to stop the spread of the virus through the tracking system. The
interview has also helped me to understand the requirements better.
